git status
git init (initialize current repository)
git commit -m "Commit message"
git add
git diff (it shows the current modification compared with staging area)
         (if you don't add anything to staged area, it should be the same as most recent commit)
         (after you add the to-be-committed document to staging area, it should output nothing)
git diff --staged (compare staged to most recent commit, good to double check it is indeed what you want to commit)
git reset --hard (reset working directory and the staging area = current commit) (not reversible)
git branch    (showing current branch)
git log --graph --oneline master easy-mode
git merge master coins
git show XXX  (this shows the difference between XXX and its parent)
git branch -d coins (-d for 'delete', it only deletes the label, not the commits)


What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

It creates a .git directory under current directory, though the files are not committed now.
I have to add them into tracked files.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

I dont quite understand what the staging area is, it seems like a buffer area preparing for the commit?
Or I should just always keep the ones I want to trace at the staging area.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

I could always check the difference between most recent commit and the staging area to make sure the change is only one commit per logical change


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Of course if your real project has many 'branch-like' structure, you should setup the branches to help keeping history organized.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

It helps me a lot for what is the parent is what!!!! With the diagram, I could understand the relationship more easily.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

It would combine all the changes in the two branches together into the merged commit. Because it indeed involves all the changes.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Pros: It uses a very smart way to merge the changes, which alleviate our work a lot.
Cons: Ocassionally, we still need to resolve the conflict manually.